# Abstract

At the turn of the century, desktop computers were the primary target of malware attacks. Over the years, the focus slowly shifted towards mobile devices as people have grown accustomed to carrying a large portion of their data in their pocket. Sensitive information is now out in the open, which enables malicious actors to exploit new attack vectors, such as Bluetooth and Near-field communication (NFC) technology.

The context generated by the COVID-19 pandemic determined attackers to retarget their arsenal towards a more susceptible audience. To an extent, the immune system is able to adapt and defend people against the threat of biological viruses. Yet, what is there to defend them against technological viruses?

The aim of this work is to form the __'technological immune system'__ of Android users. The resemblance between biological and technological viruses gives us an edge over the ponderous field of mobile security.

To better understand the threat model, we dive deeper into the ins and outs of the Android multi-party consent model. Any action in the system should be approved by every party involved, the end-user being the ultimate decision factor.

We explore the history of mobile malware to get a grasp of the evolution and diversity of malicious attacks. The familiarity of malware techniques, acquired in this part, acts as a foundation for the last section.

Finally, we get into the mindset of a fictitious attacker by implementing a Trojan which targets people with disabilities. The underlying attack is disguised in a COVID-19 Tracker application. We emphasise the importance of the user's actions in the system by exploiting vulnerabilities, not in the Android system, but in the user's mind.

